first and foremost is in my place the
Meeting place is to thank
will appreciate
to colleagues to colleagues
to the football people in general from the south
because I've had
a bunch of
of this has received a lot of letters
a lot of gifts a lot of
visits in which he mentioned the soul
Y
and well I did not want to miss the
opportunity above all to tell them that
I'm fine
football when things did not go to
the court can happen it touched me
this time I wish this had not happened
never anyone
but it never happens again to anyone
that's a shame but good as the
football is a contact sport these
things happen this touched me but they're going to me
but good football stuff
will thank the medical body headed
by fernández
matera maqueira that he founded has
those who operated on me thank all the
fourth floor now that the truth
they are exceptional officials of
all point of view from the professional
and human
they are wonderful
the moments mainly
also with pedro that allowed me to have
the possibility of being here the name of
the sticking directive
alfredo is my GP
but good if it had not been for him
surely that soul force that does not
have been a bit weakened
confidence in him is absolute
and I thank you every day
and this
and good, nothing, people
It has arrived much to see other and
know how to understand that also for a subject
of pain and others we could not receive
all the world
obvious
all the fans of peñarol that
they study on the court those who do not
you to the general press for the
respect and good here we are in the account
regressive preparing for what
comes with the usual forces with the
illusion of always and has even been a
stone more than fate has traced me
but they are things that happen
If tve excited beyond pain and
of modesty worked the mind in these
days since the injury today
many things for the past what you
left the agent what the
people must generate that emotion
look I always the same
luckily my lady is with me
constantly my family my son
my friends
and the general people have been and are this
the motor
the most important in the race
then good sometimes these things the
destination so
let this happen and you have to take it like this
destination later as I said earlier
this round touched me hopefully hopefully
never give anything to anyone
is to live
a lot of boys have passed him
colleague
let's hope that I reiterate again that
spend more but but good my family
and people have been an engine is extremely
important I have received a
show of affection
always because it seems that you have to
do
it's amazing still to this day
eyes sparkle this was talk of
question of destiny or some
recklessness also to the play
soccer your sport contact
we are all fire
and you know how I say
it was not imprudence on my part nor
province of part of the type of faith ni
a lot less
it's football
and they are there as
like all those things
before a court
you were with a special adrenaline
you can say the same
I was defending the team that I love
from defending the team that the
you love
Many things can happen
stalled many times sometimes they have not
glued
well I stuck a little people
the fate is not there is not much to give
return to this situation
the truth that I was living
in this last year a moment
very special in my career what
I still live unfortunately inside
the court
but good somehow today I am
inside beyond being in this
situation
and I do not play like I always forget
that respect
of all in general football in general
and the Uruguayan
the truth that calls me the very many
of attention
two in one you always had the certainty of
that you are going to play again and the other the
national attitude beyond the best
punctual to come to greet the
message on the web all that he gave of
what to talk about what reflection you deserve
and that this goes beyond the shirt or
beyond football that we all understand
that this is a sport that
it's good that a little bit of each other
we help ourselves as is the case of the
fourth the very grateful national the
president who called me
let's understand a little bit that soccer
it's a sport and there are things that are
on top of what it is
of what is that rivalry that exists and
it's good
I am not stain Canary but sure
that I'm safer or the same is not
means that
that if tomorrow happens this hopefully not
national or any other equipment
do not give me the order, much less
this to me personally the visit of
some guys it does not matter who it is in
representation of all the staff
this one already had
about how many other visits I had
from other colleagues
with the same importance and with the same
grateful that the others who also
they have come and many but good football
it's a sport
no more than that you have to always understand
their lives